
Write a number guesser program. Human vs. Computer
	
	•As the human player of this game your job is to think of a number between 1 and 100 in 
	your head. Do not enter the number you are thinking of into the program at any time!

	•The computer will then make attempts to guess the number and display the guesses to the 
	human.

	•The human will respond to the guesses by entering:
		◦“C” = Correct
		◦“L” = Low
		◦“H” = High

		◦Be sure that your program can handle both lower and upper case letters


	•The computer will then continue guessing numbers until the correct number has been 
	guessed.

	•Once the correct number has been guessed, the program must ask the user if they would 
	like to play again. If the user answers "yes", the entire process must begin again. 
	Note: This should happen without having to reload the page.

	•Ok, here is the challenge. The computer MUST be able to guess the correct number in 7 or 
	fewer guesses
		◦You can use the “divide and conquer” binary approach which will guaranteed get the 
		correct answer in log2(100) guesses.

		◦Divide the range of potential guesses by 2. This number will be the computer's guess.

		◦Then modify your range of random numbers based on the user's response of Low or High.


 
 
 
	Project 2
 
Create a web page that will calculate shipping charges for an order 

	•The user should be able to enter the purchase price in a text field
	•In an external script file write a function called calcShipping() that will perform the 
	calculations based on the following criteria: 
		◦The text field should be validated to ensure that it is not blank and numeric
		◦Minimum shipping and handling is $1.50 for any purchase less than $25.00
		◦For orders between $25.00 and $75.00 add 10% to the total purchase but DO NOT include
			the $1.50
		◦For orders greater than $75.00 add 15% to the total purchase but DO NOT include the 
			$1.50

	•Add another text field to the web page. This field will be for the user to enter a 
	"coupon" code 
		◦A coupon is valid if: 
			■It is five characters in length
			■It begins with an "X"
			■Research the JavaScript String Object for built in functions to process strings

		◦If the coupon is valid deduct 5% from the shipping charge

	•Display the purchase price, the shipping charges and the order total as a level one 
	heading on the web page
